Mw solver example V1 (#2011)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: release_notes/current/2026_06_16_Pensec.md

## [Master] - 2026/06/16

### Added

> - MINOR This example explains the different parameters that can be changed in the simulation of EM waves in a cavity, using the time-harmonic part of Lethe. [#2011](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2011)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MINOR This PR adds a first example for the time-harmonic Maxwell solver. It shows the propagation of an electromagnetic wave inside a waveguide and explains the different parameters that can be changed in the simulation to reproduce the results. [#2011](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2011)
```

> - MINOR This PR adds a first example for the time-harmonic Maxwell solver. It shows the propagation of an electromagnetic wave inside a waveguide and explains the different parameters that can be changed in the simulation to reproduce the results. [#2011](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2011)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- MAJOR This PR adds a first example for the time-harmonic Maxwell solver. It shows the propagation of an electromagnetic wave inside a waveguide and explains the different parameters that can be changed in the simulation to reproduce the results. [#2011](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2011)
```
